InvalidJWEData (#1572)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web: SPRINTLOG.md

- Workflow: Bump GitHub checkout action to v4 ([#1556](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1556))
- Workflow: CodeQL action version(s) bumped to v3 ([#1569](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1569))
- Workflow: Setup-node, codecov and upload-sarif action versions bumped to v4, v4 and v3, respectively ([#1570](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1570))

# 2024-11-04 - 2024-11-15

> - Fix logging of the exception of incorrect token ([#1572](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1572))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed exception for invalid token to simplify logging and reduce unnecessary error entries ([#1572](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1572))
```
